Hmm, you didn't contact me directly.
But my call records with Mr. Liang are all there
Do you want to see what?
You mentioned me to him?
i
I don't know what to say.
I said you introduced it, what's wrong with you, Xue Mei?
What's the matter?
you
You are such a fool
Now experience working with an idiot
What does it feel like?
Don't be too proud
Camping Snow While I Buy to Kill You
But it was you who seduced City Lord Liang and caught me first
I'm just protecting myself
Luo Yunxue, even if you draw
Two more counts
How do you explain that?
Third Master, are you sure you want me to explain?
It's not good for you to shake it out.
Stop talking nonsense, I want to see what else you can do
Okay, I'll show you.
I have two paternity reports here
Actually, I'm not my mother's biological daughter
Erluo Xunmei
Don't you want to explain?
i
What do I explain haha
Luo Yingxue
So what if you get the paternity report?
Obviously, Xunmei is you. Shut up
Mom, what did I say wrong again?